my friends told me about this thing that
you can do when you are having sex
you take sperm and you wipe it it's
called the Copperfield it's it's when
you're in a dorm room and in the middle
of sex you say hold on and you go to the
bathroom and your roommate comes in and
starts having sex were there you sneak
out go up in the window and peek out on
when she looks up and sees you the other
guy she'll turn back and the other guy
goes cause the Siegel okay having sex on
the beach
no the screaming seagull you have it
takes up a beach and you pull out stick
your dick in the sand and then put it
back in her screaming seagulls no oh
come on Tyler I got a thing I might be
making some of these up something about
a peg leg and punching her in the face
and she goes our not only do I not have
sex I only hear about other people's sex
stories and then
they become fodder for YouTube videos
I'm sorry
alright the Emerald is when you're
having sex with a girl doggy style
alright you spit on our back so she came
on her back and you come your hand when
she turns one any sex stories are set
one is called they're called what are
these sex situation sex sex sex
adventures I whatever they were called
oh my god have you heard of any of these
before I really hope this gets uploaded
I want to read other people because I
want to know if they've heard of these
before emerald is my favorite BAM
also tell it which one of the five if
you heard it's your favorite you are
really good at counting without like
thinking about it
oh my god I'm a good counter guys magic